small ide updates (#2502)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/get-started/develop-in-the-cloud.md

| 6. | Preview <br></br>Compile <br></br>Build |  This is where you can preview, compile or build your dbt project, as well as see the results and the DAG. |
| 7. | Lineage tab | You can see how models are used as building blocks from left to right to transform your data from raw sources into cleaned-up modular derived pieces and final outputs on the far right of the DAG. You can access files in the **Lineage** tab by double-clicking on a particular model. Expand the DAG into fullscreen to view the DAG view differently. Note: The default view is `+model+`, however, you can change it to `2+model+2`. |
| 8. | Change branches and view documentation | Change branches in fewer clicks and focus on developing. You can generate and view your [documentation](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs) for your dbt project in real time. You can inspect and verify what your project's documentation will look like before you deploy your changes to production.|

> | 9. | File state indicators | The file state indicators will indicate and track any action or changed made in your project. The indicators **M, A, and  •** appear to the right of your file or folder name, and also under the **Changes** section. |

Author: ```suggestion
| 9. | File state indicators | The file state indicators will indicate and track any action or change in your project. The indicators **M, D, A, and  •** appear to the right of your file or folder name, and also appear under the **Changes** section. |
```
